very good stable state is that you are
here email director and we are in a
new minecraft video and it's a video
special and here to explain
Point 4 version 1.7 and will serve to
many many of you for the pvp in
servers I had then we're going to
explain what it's about good at here and
well I have the four things for
build it is very, very easy so
only one you are going to need is a rail
this is normal is a pretty and a buy
nothing more then how to do
to use the buggy what it is about
good first to explain how to do what
first you will see from a hole of 2 x
1 on the ground then you will put here but
There they are, explained, you put one or the other
here you will see this way break the
on one side and stabilize
the management does not choose a beautiful one and the
you put on it later that escobedo is worth it
this is how in this phase you put us
here over there and then why
this serves an incomprehensive wagon
so it will be very weird because it's good
very simple you see that as the chest is the
narrower point than normal then you see
in what takes with this case the
wagon against him right there the center
must work to make it better for and the
scepter you have to give right click there
here in the pop a right and appear is
inside the trolley with squeeze is the
sixth left to get off the
this one you will see here in a new
inside the chest
but that does not matter to squeeze if the
color is not to offer this 5
so you can see country inside the
chest and feel visual things if not
we are inside then with a bow what
what can you do is let's see there
i
so imagine what comes by
In front, a wall like that is valid and graphite
to make it nice for the tutorial
but imagine here and Ecuador or some
I want to kill or something good they do not serve
I hope so much to do all this day but
someone can use you if you want and
well this as well I said before is
simply for the pvp since it is very
used on a server and
And where is
before
of rich
and if you can see outside
the effect those we motivate them good
you more than anything just to
say it's not clear to him how it works
this skip we aim and funk combi
started to help skeleton
and in this way you will kill everything
those that are worth we kill inside where
there is a skeleton good guys up
here I will leave in tutorial is this worth
it's very simple just jump and if
shoot is for those who do not
this never because nothing by practice
right away and I do not want a good attack
Well here I leave the tutorial I hope that you
have loved it if you find a tutorial
more for vp readers because you know
that lately a little to the channel
high would only upload something
more adventures or I do not know good I hope
that you liked again life
favorite comfort and see you in the
next horses